- [Instructor] So, we finished laying the groundwork
for a pretty decent chat application,
both client and server.
On the client side, we are using the SockJS client library.
So, now might be a good time to
just go over a few tips and tricks.
One, when you're using the sock JS library,
you should know that you can only have
one connection at a time established
with a server on a single domain.
This limitation is caused by an in browser limit
of outgoing connections.
A single SockJS session uses up
the two outgoing connections that
a browser typically allows.
Remember because this is duplex communication,
we need a connection for incoming
as well as outgoing data.
Secondly, remember that a WebSocket
is just an HTTP connection
that gets upgraded after that initial handshake
between the client and the server.
But rest assured there's no difference
between using SockJS with encrypted HTTP
or unencrypted HTTP.
They both should work just fine.
In fact, some developers have said
you might see a little bit more stability
when connecting over SSL
due to the interference of HTTP proxies
with unencrypted data traffic.
Also, there were alternatives to SockJS.
It's been compared to other popular
libraries like Socket.io or Engine.io.
However, I chose to use SockJS
because some of the benefits are,
unlike Engine.io, it's geared more towards
a low level extraction of the WebSocket API.
Which means it's useful if you're
developing a framework on top of WebSockets.
However, we want an application level extraction
which is a higher level.
That means we get to just focus on
writing application features.
Some other benefits, SockJS is actively maintained,
it's already designed for scalability,
and as we've mentioned before,
it provides that fallback support
in the event that a client is using a browser
that doesn't support the WebSocket API.
In those cases, the fallback plan
will go to some type of coding technique.
There's way more details than I can cover.
But you can visit the sockjs.org website
to get more tips and tricks
and understand how to use this library even better.